everybody welcome back northernlion
the binding of issac what could be
greater well world peace yeah but I mean
like realistically what could be greater
well Universal basically I said
realistically what could be greater
where Lazarus again JW six six are 8rq
we know where stacks because we got
three numbers in the seed three numbers
in the seed means we're set the numbers
give the good stuff the letters give the
bad stuff we've already established this
time and time again last run we were
Lazarus two lasses in a row is actually
completely fine not the best character
in the game but an early game like mini
game to try to figure out when we're
supposed to die usually the answer ends
up being if we find HP we go for it and
also it means that we basically have no
reason not to hurt ourselves pardon me
as long as we're able to as long as
we're able to survive once we come back
from the dead they God me they've
surrounded me well I don't know maybe
we've doomed ourselves a little bit here
but we'll take the pill now pheromones
would have been better to take that pill
earlier admittedly as we all know but
again assuming we don't get hit by a
champion kind of a big assumption to
make the present moment we should be
okay good God and God love it it's a
surprise to find we can't stop it where
the heck is my additional HP here
there's a bomb on that other room you
should go back for it I already see the
you know the heart beating is one on
this one it's very simple we go back we
get the bomb we use the bomb to access
that chest the chest gives us a spirit
heart or enough money to buy one from
the shop and then we're good to go
should have gone back for this earlier I
mean we do have secret room access that
might be worth more in most situations
than just grabbing a single chest but in
this case I'm willing to I'm willing to
make a chance at it I know what you're
thinking how does he do it
I can't believe it works even half a
spear at heart dude that's fine half a
spear at art is OK in my world I would
still like
get enough money to get an arcade on the
next floor
you know it's HP could come in handy
let's let's finish our exploratory
surgery here so we can make sure that
we're going to be safe but we really did
get bailed out to be 100% honest with
you this could have been a very very
dangerous situation so out of our golden
coupe we got enough money to make an
arcade worth while we could also move we
have ten cents we do have ten cents so I
think you use a key there's no spirit
hard for sale okay I guess we just go
and there was a tinted rock in here so
give me the spirit heart please oh
that's that's no good I can't believe
that out of all of that we didn't create
more of an advantage but it's kind of
the early theme of this run is a little
fraught with danger at the same time
regular version of Ragman far from the
ideal enemy that you want to fight here
but certainly there are a worse enemies
we could be facing here in the early
game try to keep up our pace here and we
did manage to get back there that's good
we got more HP which is also excellent
that gives us a good ability to play a
blood bank if we're able to find one on
the next floor but we're light on keys
also have not improved our damage at all
except for the respawn is Lazarus which
is enough for now
but you know it's not like we've saved
the day when it comes to the actual run
so far so the big deal for us is
definitely making sure that we get this
deal with the devil
hopefully we'll manage to snag a little
bit of HP along with it so we're not in
full glass can and build without having
the cannon part of it which would I mean
that would just be mr. glass right
golden key we've already solved our key
related concerns as a result of that at
least temporarily and I got to be honest
with you
one heart earlier on for gertie jr. is
paying dividends right now I mean
inevitably we weren't going to use our
bomb for that unless we absolutely had
to to begin with but the fact that we've
managed to make it work decently for us
in light of having many other damage
upgrades and we are still very early to
be fair but is quite good for us so
through luck upgrades this is maybe the
best shop we got Wheel of Fortune
we have no bombs but I'll tell you what
I'm going to buy a bomb pop down Wheel
of Fortune and see if we can get value
we got four cents and lazy worms let's
say if not great value but I will take
starter deck which is giving us a full
card there's something to be said about
that I don't know we got some future
prospects there starter deck is nice no
pills is usually for the best because we
know what we're getting into
and we'll probably we'll look for an
arcade and then use our fool card to
maybe allow us to get into the boss Trap
room and then teleport out because I
don't really want to save a fool card
for boss rush but as of right now we're
100% in the clear crystal ball is such a
good space bar item pick up a little bit
more money we can hold emergency
contacts so we might as well even if I
don't understand it at all and
apparently we found the secret room
which is a surprise to me but we have no
bomb so then we accidentally create the
secret room or did we just see it
because if we created it that's one
thing you know we can walk in if we just
saw it like a glimpse between dimensions
or something like that that's different
now I don't think we can I don't think
we can just walk into it unless I was
going to say maybe up here somehow would
give us the ability so we have no arcade
which means the only way they were going
to be able to grab the whatever is in
the boss trap room is by getting a deal
with the devil which you know luckily
100% is going to happen
monstro not a particularly difficult
boss fight to be honest with you all I
want out of this is enough damage or DPS
at least so that I'm not like worried
about making sure the enemy stand on top
of our anemic creep because Annie may
creep
it's not that decent what the hell am I
doing here
mmm give me some good tears oh okay
that's where we stop because the rest of
the notes become actually difficult no
bombs are you kidding me what am I
supposed to do there's two stone chests
back there I'm mad I was looking for two
Justice cards or do it like a justice
card I guess I should say but we should
be happy we got go ahead go ahead pretty
much ensures that we'll have a chance in
the future to take some deal with the
devil items presumably no you don't
understand it's not right see what
you're supposed to do therefore peak
irony is give me a bomb and then when
you give me the bomb I go oh of course
you give me the bomb and I try to you
know make some kind of pity joke about
it out of it like oh that's lions law
right there you ever desperately need a
consumable they'll only give it to you
after it's not useful anymore but we
past that we're past that the sun card I
like it I love it
I want some more of it literally I could
hold some more of it so if you'd like to
give me some I wouldn't kick it out of
bed for eating crackers
there's peak irony we're going to get a
charge here too so we're definitely
going to be able to crack open that
tinted Rock one way or the other where
we get the Sun card dude crystal ball
starter deck is a decent combination you
can't deny it look at that two speed
upgrade extra HP for our deals with the
devil we're going it's not quite as
great as our last Lazarus run started
but maybe it'll finish stronger like by
the end of that last Lazarus run I was
just like yeah it's going okay but I
really could use some more bum friend
ear your lucky day buddy
like we got those or we got that guppy
item and then we never got another
another got the item we got the first
copy item we got was on the very first
floor may be on the very first room and
then after that just nothing to a hearts
keep the full card but replaced with
yeah
there you go belongs to me thank you
very much what was this the son you know
what would keep the son instead of the
fool I understand the boss rush concerns
but think this is correct we're getting
to the point especially with all these
champions that I'd like to improve from
4.20 damage as a dank as it is to get to
something a little bit more palatable
for us because we're just starting to
fall behind a little bit here the Harmon
Joker's son yeah I mean Joker's son it's
pretty good we're spoiled for choice I
wish we can stack up four cards now you
know starter deck plus polydactyl is
something but you cannot no over the
engine limitation or design intention
but those items do not stack
I'm just begging for like an actually
good deal with the devil here if we
don't get a good deal with the devil on
this floor I may actually do a cardinal
sin of lazy Isaac Ness which is using
the Joker card like right off the bat on
the next floor to try to you know get
those upgrades as soon as possible if
they even exist which which they may or
may not I'm also I took bum friend
mostly because bum friend like was
literally in a room next to nine cents I
couldn't access so it seemed like you
pick it up you're gonna at least get you
the consumable you spent to get bum
friend back and sure he'll probably
annoy you in the future but you know
maybe you can get that super bummed
transformation for the second time in
over a thousand episodes and after that
point the world is your oyster right for
vigilant we should be able to stop him
from stealing money that like we
actually can get most of the time at
least it's really bad on blood banks
though I'll admit it's also really bad
on Billy banks you know the creator of
Tae Bo is this a reference that makes
any sense
in this day and age is this thing on
hello that's where I'd tap the
microphone if this game didn't take two
hands to play most of the time uh I
don't think yeah good good play there it
was a good one
blow this guy up get out of here you
stinky mega fatty we're behind schedule
that shouldn't be able to stand with the
with the goat head shouldn't be
plausible to be behind schedule for much
longer just on a principled level okay
dusted HP shouldn't have taken a yet
little brim now that's some good gravy
right there head down to the next floor
again behind schedule but little brain
is actually a huge get and this is a
little too late like we really could
have used this earlier but I'll live
with it
that was highly worth it I think but I
can't really afford to get rid of the
crystal ball like forever because I need
the HP I need the correct I need the the
spirit hearts is what I mean to say just
use the Sun to mill them down just a
little bit more so we got a damage bonus
but like a rate of fire decrease it
wasn't quite proportional but it's
enough to make me think you could have
also teleported and not done this to
begin with but hey well let's just roll
with this for like the floor and then
see how things go really don't want to
use the Joker card right now for reasons
that I assume are somewhat obvious I'm
going to answer really fast rate of fire
really bad amount of damage so I'm going
to be a little risky here in case it's
not obvious and keep using v8 so the
thing with the eight is it's like almost
any other die in the game that rerolls
essentially your whole run in this case
is just reroll in your stats but you get
the idea you only need one good roll
this is not a good roll but it's not
horrible we didn't roll everything bad
it's just like largely pretty not great
collectively pretty not great all we
need is one roll that gives us I would
say like greater than five damage and
lower than ten tears and then I'm good
to go as long as my speed isn't like
below one which seems unlikely see
that's like it's close we're very lucky
as well in case it's not super clear
here that basically little brimstone
will carry us through all of these
exhausting rerolls if we have to have it
carry us at least fit bummed that
there's no there's no battery charges
will buy spirit heart and this I know
people are going to say please please
please purchase the potato peeler I
don't think it's that sort of run not
yet anyway
I think we got at least one more role
and then we could always go with the d8
long-term if we wanted to crystal ball
is really like a it's a safe play which
is far from being a bad thing right now
but it's it is a little more on the
boring side the d8 is I mean they both
they run the gamut right because the d8
is great but on the other hand it also
like once it's good there's a
conceivable chance we'd never use it
after that point so we've got a got to
play our cards right there I think the
crystal ball is the more extendable item
long term in terms of our enjoyment
through dark Prince's crown actual 10
out of 10 trinket once we get past the
once you get past the depths to d12 is
basically useless in my opinion many
people have taken issue with me saying
that and to be honest with you they're
probably right but I've never had a run
where I was like this item saved us that
is not the criteria for you being any
good but still big speed upgrade it's
another tough one honestly that's where
you stop and this is fine so we don't
have any guppy items I think I think we
take nothing and then we go back for
crystal ball did the d8 do anything for
us I think in the end tears are the same
speed is the same because we got the
extra speed upgrade or later on this
floor and then our damage might have
gone up by like 1.5 so effectively we
got like a passive little damage
increase I think if I'm if I'm taking
inventory correctly it's not that good
but
it was worth using it for that floor
although I did effectively probably pass
up at least two spirit ARS or at least
two payouts from crystal ball by not
keeping crystal ball so think about that
as well
this is the time where we pop this by
the way so you go for this maybe get
your first crystal ball charge get the
map grab this rune joker card out I
don't want to fight these guys I want to
maintain our chances to get to boss
Russian think our odds of getting a
teleport card for boss rush are pretty
solid to be a great time to grab lump of
coal okay that's fine
not enough sore about that and we got to
remember you know the double-edged sword
I know we're talking a lot about Isaac
here but this run has not yet reached a
point in which we're ahead of the scape
velocity you know the escape velocity in
astrodynamics the speed at which you
have to be moving in order to escape the
Earth's gravitational pull more or less
I think that's close to correct I don't
think we're there yet honestly I don't
think fat on mushroom helps us enough
seraphim is like pretty good but let's
go a little deeper all dude it ended up
being worth it even though our rate of
fire is not great enough to make
technology zero work anytime you use a
reroll machine and your last reroll is
the one you're happiest with you won you
know you made the right decision so
certainly I feel like we made the right
decision here and it was looking a
little dire for a while so there we go
HP HP
let's go we got this from the brink
we've sort of pulled it back here if we
want to make boss rush like what's more
important shop with 12 cents or the
chance of boss rush think it's the
chance of sauce rush I'm going to peep
this for for anything and as a guppy
items so now I'm regretful I didn't take
Guppies paw in the last floor but we
could only deal with the situation and
the presented itself on the last floor
you know we we could have thought more
about potential if the run was safer but
it was it was not safer so not going to
waste my time dealing with hypotheticals
right now dude spirit odds are coming
through in the clutch
okay so now what we need is like huge
rate of fire increases hook me up with
that break me off a piece of that sand
onion I hate this boss I'm telling you
straight up
delirium hardest boss in the game hush
number two brownie number three the dude
is on dodge able by by yours truly at
least so we know that's a Krampus
situation up there we got our full card
for boss rush let's go unprepared no I'm
not prepared they gave me a they gave me
a curse with Allah so I can't see where
I'm going
the hole on soos rune plan has fallen
apart here very very lucky that that
worked out that way because we could
have quite easily been forced to take
damage I really don't like that room for
that reason it doesn't come up that
often but it's it's very easy to find
yourself like unable to avoid taking
damage on that room this is a
objectively stupid I think to try to
make that gamble work but it could be
subjectively smart if we if we beat the
odds and get a blood bag early what is
up with the with the needless active
item d12
da was fine I'm not insulting that but
d12 glowing hourglass these are not part
of my is not part of my plan right now a
was that's another way out so I think
get rid of on Zeus and enroll a was in
the fool
we don't need on Sue's on this floor the
fool does help us get out of a room that
we don't want to be in like maybe we go
super in the wrong direction we want to
teleport back obviously I got to give
Big Ups to crickets head but I also got
to give Big Ups to Guppies tail for
potentially making that golden chest
exist in the first place sometimes we
forget that you know some of the lesser
guppy items do still have uses outside
of the outside of the transformation we
should keep it you still got can we beat
mom quickly I think we're at like quick
ish I'm not sure if I'd say quickly oh
dude you got to keep chaos now we can
beat mom quickly head of the keepers at
least interesting and feels like it's
worth taking I think we're going to make
bas rush which might strike you as a
surprise given the timing that we're on
our way out dude these golden chests
only pay out with items I'm the happiest
man in the world even if some of them
aren't exactly 10 out of tens I'd rather
not use chaos to kill mom but if we have
to we have to
all right let's go now that we have 12
damaged I think the odds of us requiring
chaos are a little lighter but you know
what there you go it's got to be done
just do it and get out don't even worry
okay
this was not worth it at all man
technology to zodiac it's a super bummer
but some of the zodiac items are alright
I don't know what we got on this floor
okay in the end could have been better
boss rush kind of screwed us a little
bit why did I take shade basically just
because I was in there and I was like I
can't take the time to make a
well-reasoned decision about this item
because if we wait too long we're not
going to be able to make the we're not
going to be able to make the boss rush
now in hindsight that didn't matter too
much we probably made the right decision
but making the boss rush was also
largely irrelevant luckily though free
items for us on these floors
High Priestess not free items but you
know I think you know what I mean we got
item rooms that shouldn't exist so
they're free as far as I'm concerned and
we will have a chance to maybe recoup
our hours a meanness on the hush fight
if we so desire whether or not we desire
will basically boil down to do we have a
permanent ears upgrade by then and does
our HP look good because I'm not
worrying about our damage twelve damage
is great I'm not worried too much about
like utility items because their space
bar item is great the wafer does double
our HP effectively at this point so it's
great to have it and I'm stoked as a
trinket guide for us it's just a you
know another feather in this trinkets
cap but at the same time it doesn't make
the hush fight go twice as fast it just
makes it makes us much more likely to
survive
so get stomped son I preached this doing
what it does best
our second last guarantee deal with the
devil could have been guppy we could
have been guppy by now but you know what
let's let's appreciate what we've got
not what we perceive ourselves to have
missed out on it's probably better for
our overall happiness and taking one hit
on that room it's like completely okay
I am unconcerned I would love selfishly
to complete the guppy dream
we haven't actually and I don't think
it's like the game has changed that much
but I think the guppy dream has been
coming less and less usually it was like
a guarantee
Rawdon baby is also fantastic like in
our to item rooms from the womb and
beyond we got better items than we got
throughout the rest of the game what's
our other one that's ace of clubs right
we got so much time so we got algae's I
mean we get algae's into the blood bank
to get some more money and possibly aged
people at speed upgrade I'm going to do
boss rush as well the Sun the Sun well
we're going to keep algae's for now
what's more important to algae's rooms
or algiers slot machine obviously
fortune teller wheel of fortune is like
one extra item but think I'm more of a
algae's algae's man makes us almost
impossible to kill but then if I use the
algae's rune for the blood bank we kind
of miss out on that luxury so you know
maybe you can see my concern there
because I should just do whatever feels
the most fun at this point the moon
might as well magic you know what we can
take Liberty cab now because we don't
need we don't need any more rooms item
rooms I should say on the womb I don't
believe that gives you item rooms in the
cathedral and beyond so I don't know do
we really need it's weird because like
hear me out here I would be using the
algae's rune which I thought we had to
of where's the other one in here maybe
did we not have to it maybe I'm mistaken
but we'd be using the algae's rooms to
try to get more money on the hush flight
but I don't really want to do the hush
flight without having to algae's rooms
because I can afford to be a snob with
the way this runs looking right now
algae's son algae's ace of clubs algae's
wheel fortune let's take son it is for
mapping ok now we're going to replace
the son card with a dice charge dice
shard is a much much more fun item
so this is going to be our last deal
with the devil it is guaranteed to not
be Krampus because we've seen cramp Oh
already I don't know what besides guppy
I'm super eager to get but hey dude the
mark with permanent polar invincibility
activation sign me up
I'm ready to go so I'm skipping the hush
fry just because well because I want to
we end up doing them on the dailies all
the time anyway and we're still at 10
rate of fire if I'm going to use like a
I'm going to make up a reason to spin it
generate a fire come on you know what is
this amateur hour I don't know what
that's supposed to mean but when you say
that implicitly some people think you
know what you're talking about so so
they aim for a little added layer of
professionalism it's my money say with
me one more time it's my money and I
want it now so liberty cap I mean
whatever it gives us is fine but I'm not
expecting big things necessarily
especially because we've already got
like near guaranteed mapping it's mostly
just something that exists for like a
little bit of a statistical change
room-to-room should stop using keys
because keys on the chest are worth way
more and we're probably going to get a
bunch of them so the ideal payout would
actually be like a joker card right now
and stop using keys so that we can
actually you know get the deal with the
devil that we're accustomed to in this
life but
doesn't look like that's gonna happen
and that's completely okay another fast
run and it's honestly I'm getting like a
feel for Lazarus as being like good but
for some reason semi unremarkable when
it comes to actually getting the stats
at the end like both of these last two
runs it's probably just basically
randomness but for both of these last
two runs I've just been like it's good
is not not good it's just not that
incredible so I think we blow this up
and we're going to obviously use
forget-me-now it's a fun item might as
well just use two gods we can only take
two things down with us so I think we
want to take algae's dice shard we could
have taken like we could have taken
something else I guess but that's
obvious cursed I of course curse of the
blind curse die and then how to jump my
reflection common cold oh man if we
didn't have curse of the blind these
would have been rear old in like two
seconds
instead now we've got an interesting
setup here it's still not bad but
certainly these are items that I would
not have gone for voluntarily probably
d1 I mean we should use the d1 to create
like endless dice shards I guess it's a
card Oh
we could have used this to create
endless items there but I think endless
dice shards is also fine how to jump the
t1 is not better than how to jump how to
jumps probably better on earth on a raw
level at least but you know I actually
am starting to believe that my
reflection with or without cursed I plus
static tears might be sort of cool as
long as you're using it as long as
you're using it appropriately legand you
can get the tears far enough away from
each other they create these kind of
cool patterns that I'm not I'm not fully
believing there are any bad there any
worse than that
you know our tears were before so we
should like dice shard this maybe and
number two that's not good necessarily
please oh you know what I think I can
live with that I just resent having to
play carefully because when I put in my
time in this game just give me the easy
wins no I mean this is still an easy win
it's actually an ideal situation because
it's an easy win that's also weird
now this run has like a reason to exist
beyond filling a quota because we got a
new synergy that you know on paper looks
like straight garbage but is actually
pretty interesting blood rights
considering we have the wafer I thought
that maybe like triggering blood rights
for some damage and invincibility might
not be horrible but we're kind of
forcing an archetype that doesn't
necessarily make sense but we're also
completely safe so no yeah so remember
what I said about four second archetype
that doesn't completely make sense I
think that more or less proves it right
there we get ship the whoo
all right that makes more sense sac
dagger also lovely let's finish this off
almost at the end of your two more rooms
and then the final room which by my
count makes two plus one that a k-pop
song sounds like it should be a k-pop
song
okay now we're down here curse die isn't
it lovely isn't it annoying isn't it
special despite being the crappy thing
but is it that it always shows up with
personal blind or is it that you only
pick it up now with curses or blind
either way easily run thanks for
watching hope you enjoyed if you did
click the like button upside a great
deal of course subscribe gonna see more
in the future and for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time